[ISSUE-28] Add package specific documentation (#34)
kiegroup/chain-status: packages/action/README.md

# Generate Data JS Tool 

> This package provides a JS tool which basically consumes information from Github API or Jenkins API and generates a JSON file which is retrieved by the [React web application](https://github.com/kiegroup/chain-status/tree/main/packages/webpage/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package provides a NodeJS CLI tool which basically consumes information from Github API and/or Jenkins API and generates a JSON file which is retrieved by the [React web application](https://github.com/kiegroup/chain-status/tree/main/packages/webpage/README.md).
```

## Usage

> This tool is an easy to use JS tool, in order to use you just need to install all required libraries, build the project and run the automatically generated distribution file at `packages/action/dist/index.js`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool can be easy use as a NodeJS CLI tool or as a Github Action

### NodeJS CLI Usage

In order to use you just need to install all required libraries, build the project and run the automatically generated distribution file at `packages/action/dist/index.js`.
```

| created-url        | false    |                     | Normally the job generating the info URL                                                                                                                                                         |
| logger-level       | false    | info                | The log level. 'info' (default) \| 'trace' \| 'debug'                                                                                                                                            |
| gh-pages-branch    | false    | gh-pages            | The branch used by `gh-pages` tool, where the webpage will be stored                                                                                                                             |

### Local Execution

In order to locally run this, you simply need to run the [cli tool](./src/bin/cli.js) providing at least all required arguments (more details in [inputs](#inputs) section)

Here an usage example:

```bash
$ node packages/action/src/bin/cli.js -t 'Title' -st 'Subtitle' --token <GH-TOKEN> -df https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kiegroup/kogito-pipelines/main/.ci/pull-request-config.yaml [-o <PATH-TO-REACT-WEBAPP-DATA>]
```

> ### Action Flow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Github Action Flow
```
